Problem Statement:
Congratulations – you have been hired as Chief Data Scientist of MedCamp – a not for
profit organization dedicated in making health conditions for working professionals
better. MedCamp was started because the founders saw their family suffer due to bad
work life balance and neglected health.

Background:
MedCamp organizes health camps in several cities with low work life balance. They
reach out to working people and get them to register for these health camps. For the
people who “ShowUp” at the camp, an awareness session is conducted. Post this
awareness camp, the person might or might not undergo health checks.
MedCamp has conducted 65 such events over a period of 4 years and they see a high
drop off between “Registration” and Number of people taking tests at the Camps. In
last 4 years, they have stored data of ~110,000 registrations they have done.
The business problem:The business problem:
One of the huge costs in arranging these camps is the amount of inventory you need to
carry. If you carry more than required inventory, you incur unnecessarily high costs. On
the other hand, if you carry less than required inventory for conducting these medical
checks, people end up having bad experience.

The Process:
1. MedCamp employees / volunteers reach out to people and drive registrations.
2. During the camp, People who “ShowUp” undergo an awareness session from
experts empanelled by MedCamp
3. Some of these people would undergo the medical tests.

Other things to note:
Since this is a completely voluntary activity for the working professionals,
MedCamp usually has little profile information about these people.
For a few camps, there was hardware failure, so some information about date
and time of registration is lost.
MedCamp runs 3 formats of these camps. The first and second format provides
people with an instantaneous health score. The third format provides
information about several health issues through various awareness stalls.
Favorable outcome:
For the first 2 formats, a favourable outcome is defined as getting a health_score,
while in the third format it is defined as visiting at least a stall. You need to
predict the chances (probability) of having a favourable outcome.

Data details:
Please refer the file attached
Evaluation parameter: AUC ROC
Train / Test split:
Camps started on or before 31 March 2006 are considered in Train
Test data is for all camps conducted on or after 1 April 2006. Public and Private
leaderboards have ~50-50 spli